The Joe Rogan experience. So were you off when that, uh,
Lucy Kay, uh, recording got released in comics were denouncing it?
Yeah, it was weird. I mean, it's a bummer when people, first of all, people,
a lot of people were like, these aren't even jokes.
He's not even joking anymore. And you're like, no, no, they're jokes.
Like I understand if you're, um, don't like it, or you're offended,
but you're like, they're definitely jokes. He's onstage.
He doesn't really think that they threw a fat kid in front of them and right.
That's not how he feels.
Saying something that's up and funny.
And it's funny because it's up because you're not supposed to say it,
which is the exact thing he's done his whole career.
Right. And it's a new bed. It wasn't supposed to be heard outside of this.
And for these people,
like there's a lot of times you'll say something one way and then you're like,
ah, it's not working.
And then you'll figure out another way to sneak in through the back door and it
works way better. And then if they heard the first way and like this joke sucks,
like, no, no, no. I figured out, I'd say it later,
but now it's already on YouTube. You've ruined the material. Yeah.
I mean, he dropped the bit, um, cause it's just kinda like.
It's too much, but um, hilarious.
Line. If you're wanting people to forget about you jerking off,
make jokes about kids getting shot. Yeah, it does. It.
Does also funny line where he's like, why are you in a suit? Which is funny. Um,
but yeah, and then people were talking about how, um,
now the parents have to hear this and stuff and you're like, well,
they weren't going to, you took it and put it out.
And then CBS picked it up and put it on CBS. So now they're hearing it.
But before that,
there was just 180 people in long island hearing it and you know.
What it was supposed to be.
But the thing about working on material is if you like comedy,
you can't release people's like that because you're never going to get good
comedy because everyone's going to like every time Dave Chappelle does, uh, uh,
uh, you know,
a workout set or anybody you're gonna get these half cooked
bits and then you're gonna release them and it's going to ruin it for you.
It's going to ruin it for you for the people that listen. It's like the,
for the people that are in the room, that's for them. Right.
If you're taking it out, like,
and there's been a lot of talk about Louie making this copyright thing,
saying that, you know that there was illegal action.
If you print or you do anything to record or do anything to put the material
online and someone saying he can't do that, I'm like, well,
why can't he do that? The deal, the difference between that and music.
Like if you go to hear someone sing a song and you write down the lyrics go,
oh my God, uh, Gary Clark Jr. Has this amazing new song.
Here's the lyrics that doesn't ruin the song. Right. But if you say, oh,
he's got this hilarious joke. And the twist is, he says this, well,
you just that bit up for everyone that's ever going to listen to it.
Right? Yeah. It's uh, it's frustrating. It was a frustration.
But then people start being like, he's all right, now he's going to do it.
And you're like, no, he's not.
People are. But the comedians that denounced, it were embarrassing.
It's like, do you not know what a workout set is?
Do you understand this guy was out of comedy for almost a year?
Do you know that this guy was doing a hour after being out of Kami for almost a
year? you.
Stop pretending that what you do is different stop.
And so many people were doing it and it's like,
it turned out that they had a bunch of jokes that were awful or about a mass
shooting or about pulling your Dick out in front of someone or about anything
along those lines. It's a.
Bad precedent to start where I'm like,
do we really want to start publicly on comics? Unfinished bits. Exactly.
That seems like I don't want that. No.
I saw a list at a seller and he's got this hack and you're like, oh,
give me a moment.
Tell me behind the closed doors that like this hacky or something.
You're a bit ready before. Like, do you have a comedy central special?
You have something? I did it. I have.
A Netflix half hour and I did a comedy central half hour.
Okay.
So how long did you have to work on those bits
before you were ready to put them on comedy central or Netflix?
Quite a while. I like to do a bit, at least three months before it's somewhere.
Yeah. At the very least. And it's got a great.
Yeah. Yeah. And it depends on the bit. Right. Some bits are pretty good.
A couple of weeks in and other bits. I've got a couple of bits of my act now.
And I'm like, this needs an overhaul and I don't even know where to start.
Yeah. I've had bits that I did. I've done for two years.
And then you finally find a line and you're like, ah, there we go. That was it.
And then you're like, now it's more of a bit because it takes,
it takes time to figure it out. And uh, but yeah, it's comics should,
but I understand people, people hate Lou and they're going to hate them.
So whatever he does or says, I don't even believe they hate him.
I don't believe.
It. You know what I think a lot of it is.
I think people are justifiably upset at the idea of him jerking
off in front of women that didn't want him to here's there's a couple of factors
that though one is that he asked, you know, yeah.
It's a weird thing to want to do jerk off in front of people.
But he asked and a lot of these stories,
the way you're getting the version of it, it's like worst case scenario.
It's like he blocked the door, he didn't block any doors, you know?
And they were laughing. Like people were joking around,
like it became this traumatic thing years later talking about it after the fact.
But then on top of that, it's like, God,
don't you think the guy has suffered enough? Like when,
when is he suffering enough? You,
you see this lack of empathy with people where they don't even want to respect
that he's a human being. They don't,
they don't want to appreciate any of his old work. They don't want to,
they don't have anything that he could do that would make them just
go. All right. Well, I know you're not going to do that again. And uh,
you seem like a reasonable person. It's like, we like you can't be your past.
You're not the guy who. That sneaker. Right. Your Joe list today. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. Nobody.
Wants to be remembered for the worst thing they did. It's.
And it's, I think it's a thing where they know it's an easy target. I really do.
I think at a certain point in time,
people just decide that this is a guy that you can take a free shot at and you
can on him and you can attribute things to him that aren't true.
You can attribute, attribute a bunch of things to him that are not accurate.
Right. And it's easy, like, like calling them outright or saying Lucy Kay,
showing his true colors.
Now Jesus Christ go back and watch his bit about hitting a deer. Okay.
It's a ridiculous, really funny material.
And that's what I enjoyed about his act, right? This, that, that bit,
if left alone, I mean, it's an out of his act now,
but if left alone in X amount of time,
he would have crafted that into a great bit. I'm sure.
Of it. Yeah. I agree. And there's so.
There was a bunch of
half-ass comics that came out and were talking trash about it. And I was like,
you guys should shut the up because this,
this whole art form is about trial and error.
This whole art form is about being able to work with one of the rare things that
we need a crowd to in order to, for these things to come alive.
And you have to take chances. I just saw ironically with Louie, I went,
we went and saw apocalypse now during the Tribeca film festival and Francis Ford
Coppola was there and he came out and he spoke about the film beforehand and
after. And Robert Duvall was off also there. And he came out and went,
Charlie don't surf. It was amazing. Uh, and it was really unbelievable,
but a couple of was talking after the film. And he was like,
I don't know if you know the whole story about apocalypse now that documentary
hearts of darkness, which is amazing. And like,
he put like his house up for sale to like,
or put everything on the line to make the movie himself.
And he was just talking about, you have to take chances with art. He's like,
there's no art without taking big chances. And uh, I mean, that's,
you're taking a chance by doing a joke. I mean, I wouldn't do a joke about, uh,
the Parkland shooting. I wouldn't either, but, um, but you know, it's a,
it's a risk and it might go bad and it went well, he got.
Laughs. It got laughs. Um.
But certainly if you take anything outside of, um, uh,
comedy comedy club and put it out in the public,
it's not for those people's for the people that bought the ticket.
It's also in context of the experience of being in a comedy club,
having a couple drinks of watching a hilarious guy, talk some,
especially a guy coming back after a national scandal right now, worldwide,
worldwide scandal, you know? And it's just, look,
I wouldn't joke around about them getting shot either.
But one of the things that made that bit work was that yes,
it was a horrible tragedy. Yes. Those kids went through that. Yes.
They're teenagers. Yes. They're trying to figure out life.
And they're being interviewed on CNN and some of them are changing their
opinions and they're developing and growing as we speak.
But like one of them, like the David hog guy,
he broke the patriarchy on his Twitter the other day. Like that was his tweet.
Like not even as a joke, like that's an 18 year old. That's what kids do.
They say. That's why the bit worked because he was.
Like, why are you interesting? Right. You know, like, why.
Do I have to hear from you? But well, you have to hear from them.
Cause their friends got shot. I mean, but no one, obviously like that's not, it,
this is not a conversation.
This is stand-up comedy is an art form and saying things that are funny,
that are up. That's part of the art form.
If you deny that either that's not the kind of comedy you like or
you don't appreciate what comedy is. Yeah.
And also it's a weird thing where I'm like, I'm for those kids. I'm like, yeah,
it's great. Like this horrible thing happened. And you're like,
we're going to use what power we have. I'm like, I think that's great. Yes.
And they might actually do something. I mean, it's like,
they're making changes and I'm like, eh, that's like power to the people.
God bless you. But I can still laugh at a joke about it.
It's still funny to me to see someone be like, why are you in a suit? You can,
both things can exist.
You can have empathy for murder victims and even be like, rooting for me. Like,
wow, that's amazing what these kids are doing. Are they still people?
And still be like, ah, it's funny.
It's funny. Just look it's, it's not as best joke, but it wasn't done. You.
And here's the other thing like, do you know Brian Holtzman is?
I don't think so. Got to see him when you're in town. If you can.
He's hilarious. He's a legitimate maniac.
He's a legend in Los Angeles star. When I started the comedy store in 94,
he was already there and he's really funny. But he had,
remember when Susan Smith drowned her kids, that lady,
she pushed her car into the river or something and drown her kids. No,
but it sounds,
he was on stage a very short amount of time afterwards going ladies, gentlemen,
I heard those were bad kids. He goes, I heard, they sat that close to the TV.
They never put away their blocks. They always spilling the milk.
Those kids will not be missed. Yeah. And you were just like, wow.
It's not, he didn't really.
Think those were bad kids. It's a up thing to say. That happens to be funny.
Yeah. You might not be into that kind of humor. That's okay.
As part of, I think what comedy is, or has always been,
is saying a thing you're not supposed to say, that's like, to me,
the very idea of comedy is you're saying abnormal things,
right? Like you talking about coming in your own.
Face and whatever, or someone coming in your fridge.
That you're not supposed to express your sexually desires.
So it's not a snap that.
You really mean that I do not. It's funny. Right. Right. I think so.
Right. Was intended to be funny.
It's an art form that is often cited or
quoted as if it's a statement, you know, like he said this, like,
yeah. He said that on stage in a comedy club as a part of a big,
giant chunk about this and you're taking it out of context and you do it
in the worst possible way. You put it in print. Of course it looks terrible.
Of course it looks terrible in print because it's not in a comedy club,
but it's not in context.
It's like that has no relationship to the actual bid itself.
Your print version. It, it's not it's, it's a lie.
You should go to jail for saying, that's the joke. You're a liar. You're a liar.
You're defaming someone. You're taking what they're doing.
And you're pretending that what they were saying is what they mean. Right.
You know, that's not what they mean. Remember.
That, uh, Lenny boots and that's in the movie, Lenny, I think we talked about,
they were like reading his act and he's like, but you're not saying it. Right.
Exactly.
It's the same thing. It's look,
no one thinks school shootings are a good thing. No one does. No one does.
They they're doing jokes about it because we know it's a horrible tragedy.
That's why jokes work. And they don't,
they don't work because you're mean they don't work because you're horrible.
They work because everyone knows you're joking.
If everybody really thought you were a horrible person and you were happy that
people get shot, they wouldn't laugh at a thing. You said, right. That's,
it's a F it's a weird art form. It's a weird art form.
And for it to be dismantled and disrespected, the way it is where people are,
when people break down people's bits and,
and take them out of context like that, it's, it's so foolish.
And the fact that people don't stand up for it that are in the art form itself.
That drives me crazy. It drove me angry.
This is a bunch of people that I won't even talk to anymore. I'm like,
I'm not talking to you anymore. Like, this is what you're going to do.
If I do a bit, that's half cooked and you're going to talk about me, right?
Like this, you're doing this for your own favor.
You're not doing this for the art form. You're not doing,
you're not an empathetic person. You don't look,
you don't looking at him as a human being saying, well, clearly the guy up.
He made some mistakes. I bet it was okay.
But look that if you listen to that set, that's a good set.
Especially for a guy who's been out of comedy for almost a year.
It's gotten a lot stronger.
I'm sure. Yeah. Hilarious Canadian.
I mean,
he's going to get to a point where he's got a real of an hour and
then someone's going to have to figure out whether or not they're willing to
take a chance and put it on. It's like, you're.
Talking about earlier too. I mean, you can also just put it on YouTube.
His website or YouTube or whatever this, I hope he does that.
Um, you know, I mean, there's this idea that he should be punished for eternity.
It's like, what do we Catholics? Like, what's going on here? Like, what is this?
Did you know? What did he do? I mean,
he did something that caused wound up crossing them $35 million,
a massive public shame still to this day more than it's almost like two years
later. Was it like a year and a half now? Uh, November of 2017. Yeah. Let me,
what the? Like what do you want them to do? You know? I mean,
we're not talking about Harvey Weinstein here and this idea that you're,
you know, you're not even supposed to compare offenders, you know,
you're not supposed to make judgment calls. Well, of course you are.
That's why some people go to jail for life.
And some people go to jail for two years. And this is,
this is the reason why we have lesser punishments. Right, right. Yeah.
There's a system in place. If you ask people,
if you can jerk off in front of them and they say no,
and you don't jerk off in front of them. Good for you.
You've got some restraint. If you ask people,
if you can jerk off in front of them and they say yes, and you do it, look,
maybe.
It's a weird thing to do, but you're.
You're not bill Cosby. Okay.
And D to say that you're not supposed to make these comparisons. It's like,
this is a loaded subject too. Right.
We we're talking about this and I see you're nervous.
Oh yeah. I'm terrified. Um, but yeah, no, I.
I love Louie. I love Louis too. He's a great comic. Yeah. He's.
A great guy also. But yeah, I understand people are upset. I.
Get it. I get it. But I think it's disproportionate. I really do. You know.
I would agree wholeheartedly, but yeah. Um.
How long do you think it's going to be before people just let it go?
Well, I think, I think there's actually, um,
the group of people that are really upset about it.
I think it's probably like a quarter of a million people.
That's a lot of people, it's a lot of people,
but there's like 300 million people in the country.
Maybe it's less than a quarter of a million. It's I, I don't,
I think it's the minority.
So do you think most people like, ah, he did something crazy,
but the other thing is like,
you want to kind of see the guy who jerked off in front of women.
So people want to go see lot.
I mean, he's a great comic stuff, but I mean the shows, I mean,
I I'll read Twitter and stuff. I sometimes I'll go on,
we'll hang out and I'll just search his name to say like one time we went out to
eat in New York and there was a kid, you know, like a hip street.
He looks similar to me actually. Um,
but like a young kid and he stopped and just like stared at us and was like,
I started taking photos and then he left and then I looked up Louis' name on
Twitter and I found the kid and he wrote just all caps,
just gave Louis the finger, which he did can give us a little areas.
And then he wrote you signaling. He wrote attention.
NYU students is all caps. Louis CK is in the neighborhood,
make him uncomfortable, exclamation point. We were like,
that's like psychotic you're. Uh, but that's what I was talking about earlier.
That I think he's a target. And I think they just decided,
this is what they're going to do now.
And like that guy was saying that he gave you the finger when he did.
And that's the virtue signaling aspect of it.
It's one of the weirdest parts about social media,
because it's people that ordinarily like in a, in a real world scenario,
you have an opportunity to say something,
if you really feel so compelled the guys right in front of you, you don't say.
And then you get online and tell other people to do it right.
Other people to make them uncomfortable. Well, for the most.
Right? Yeah. We'll, we'll go around and it is everything is,
it's the weird thing about online.
Most people are much different in person because you realize it's a human being.
I think the natural thing is like, oh, this is a person. Exactly. And then,
you know,
we'll go to like these kind of hipstery coffee shops where you think that that
kind of person would be, and he goes, hi, how are you? Can I get a cut?
And they go, oh, sure. Yeah. That nobody,
how many people will get dirty looks and stuff. Well,
that's way more online than, than not online, but that's a show.
All the shows are all selling out and there's a few people outside.
Um, has he ever talked to these people outside or does he just get in? No.
I don't think so. How does he get in? This is kind of a backdoor.
We just went in the back and um, you know, good for them.
I think that they're misguided, like you said, but yeah.
Yeah.
I think they want him to be this evil person they should be protesting against.
But I think if you look at it on paper, what he did was just not good.
It's like, it's, it's, you know,
the worst that I had heard was that some people's careers had suffered because
they were talking about it right. At someone.
But I don't know how much of that is accurate. I know. I need to find out about.
That. Yeah. I don't, I don't know either. I don't know the whole time. I,
I always feel like I love Louis. He's one of my best friends now, uh,
which is weird to say, but, uh, we're close,
but I don't really begrudge the women.
I think that two different people can have the same experience and take
different things from it feel different ways. And I understand, um,
sexuality is weird.
So like they could in the moment and his perception might be well,
they said yes.
And I think he kind of talks about this a little bit on stage and I don't want
to tell his feelings. There's stories to tell,
but I think one person can be like, I thought they were into,
I thought they were saying yes. And they're into. And those women can say,
can feel, yeah, we kind of said yes,
but we felt up and pressured to people can have the same experience and have
different perspectives. So I don't of course, but grudge, any of the women,
I understand that they are, um, hurt and feel, uh, mistreated.
And I respect.
That. You're still, and you see something you didn't want to see like, whoa,
and then you can never unsee it. Yeah. It's like, it's in your head.
Yeah. I understand. They're affected by it. But um, but in front of, you know,
I keep asking don't do it. No, no. I asked him to come in.
With that. He used to ask first, maybe that's his thing now.
Maybe I initially I blew it. Maybe you have to like probably shy. Yeah.
So you know what? I would hate if you jerked off in front of me silly,
like drop hints. Yeah.
Yeah. Maybe I will, but he's but he's a, he's a,
he's a good person and I'm a great dad and I, I love him. I love him. Yeah.
Everybody wants.
To erase everything he's ever done. It's so like, they didn't FX,
like not just cancel it, but they made the show unavailable. Yeah.
I think you can get.
On iTunes, but yeah, it's done. And then, um,
I think he's still on Netflix though. Yeah. I still see it, but yeah, you.
Can still see, but they canceled the new one that, yeah. So.
Let's do this and then pets too. Uh, they tried, he got rid of them. Yeah.
So it was a, it was a bummer, but it's weird when people, I mean,
shouldn't we be empathetic to all people. Yes. I think we should.
I think we should. And I think, you know,
maybe it would serve him if he went out and talked about it extensively,
like had a conversation about like maybe videotaped it or something. I mean,
I don't know, like if people had his take on it,
other than that little letter that he wrote right after it happened. Yeah.
Maybe that would help. Yeah.
Which I thought was a good, um, apology, a good statement. I thought,
yeah.
Some people will never be and some people were happy with it.
And some people just felt like it wasn't enough that, you know,
he didn't specifically say, I am sorry. You know, I feel horrible.
I'm sorry I did this. He basically said he did it.
And those stories are true and that he up and he thought that they, you know,
he thought that by them saying yes, that that was okay. But meanwhile,
he took advantage of the fact that they admired.
Him. Yeah. And he's very, yeah. He expressed regret. People are like,
but like you said, just going, people are going to be unhappy no matter,
no matter what, no matter what. And even if he said.
I am sorry, that's not good enough. You're only sorry, because he got caught.
Like people they're always going to have,
there's some people that are just not empathetic. And um,
this is what, what I really got very angry about with the, the,
the leak of the recording. My cats. Not as best material. Of course. It's not,
he's even, hasn't done comedy in 10 months.
Like when I was hearing it from other comedians, I'm like, do you, how do you,
how do you do this? Right. Don't you do the same thing we do, right? Like,
what are you doing?
He's a person is a human being.
He's a year and a half of him being stared at everywhere.
He goes and with. He gets it and losing friends. Yes.
I'm sure. Yeah. Yeah. But he, those friends, if he lost some friends,
he's better off. If you lost friends. Because of that, like, if that was Ari,
I would call them up.
Like if there was a New York times article about RA jerking off in front of
people, I be like, bro, I'm a little hurt. He never jerked off in front of me.
Like, I feel like I'm waiting. I would, if he's I got up,
like I've had conversations with Ari about things where, you know, he's like,
oh, I up, I shouldn't have done that. It was a move. Like, he'll tell you. Yeah.
You know, like you can't do anything. Like if, once you're my friend,
like let's,
you're out there murdering kids or something or doing something really over
actually raping someone. Yeah. Any friends at Louie loss for that, like,
come on, man. What did you think?
Did you think it was a perfect person? He's a nut.
He's a maniac professional comedian. Right? Right. Yeah. Yeah.
We're flawed people. Yeah. That's how it all comes out. Good. It's like,
there's gotta be something up about your head where you can
come up with these.
And another one that drives me crazy is these guys who, you know,
are freaks and they're out of their mind off stage.
But on stage they have like sort of a more squeaky, clean thing.
And their public thing is more squeaky clean and they're judgmental about it.
I'm like, oh my God, like, please stop. You're crazy. As anybody,
you just have a good squeaky clean act.
Yeah.
Sometimes I think the people with the cleanest acts of the wildest animals,
it's often the case. Yeah.